WARNING - 3D FEATURE ONLY FOR CHILDREN 7 AND OVER Viewing of 3D images by children 6 and under may cause vision damage. Use the Parental Control feature to restrict the display of 3D images for children 6 and under. See the Parental Controls section in this manual for more information. WARNING - Seizures Some people (about 1 in 4000) may have seizures or blackouts triggered by light flashes or patterns, and this may occur while they are watching TV or playing video games, even if they have never had a seizure before. Anyone who has had a seizure, loss of awareness, or other symptom linked to an epileptic condition should consult a doctor before playing a video game. Parents should watch their children play video games. Stop playing and consult a doctor if you or your child has any of the following symptoms: Convulsions Eye or Muscle Twitching Loss of Awareness Altered Vision Involuntary Movements Disorientation To reduce the likelihood of a seizure when playing video games: Sit or stand as far from the screen as possible. Play video games on the smallest available television screen. Do not play if you are tired or need sleep. Play in a well-lit room. Take a 10 to 15 minute break every hour. WARNING - EYESTRAIN AND MOTION SICKNESS Playing video games can result in eyestrain after a sustained period of time, and perhaps sooner if using the 3D feature. Playing video games can also result in motion sickness in some players. Follow these instructions to help avoid eyestrain, dizziness, or nausea: Avoid excessive play. It is recommended that parents monitor their children for appropriate play. Take a 10 to 15 minute break every hour, or every half hour when using the 3D feature, even if you don’t think you need it. Each person is different, so take more frequent and longer breaks if you feel discomfort. If your eyes become tired or sore while playing, or if you feel dizzy or nauseated, stop and rest for several hours before. If you continue to have any of the above symptoms, stop playing and see a doctor. WARNING - Repetitive Motion Injuries Playing video games can make your muscles, joints or skin hurt. Follow these instructions to avoid problems such as tendinitis, carpal tunnel syndrome or skin irritation: Avoid excessive play. Parents should monitor their children for appropriate play. Take a 10 to 15 minute break every hour, even if you don't think you need it. When using the stylus, you do not need to grip it tightly or press it hard against the screen. Doing so may cause fatigue or discomfort. If your hands, wrists, arms or eyes become tired or sore while playing, or if you feel symptoms such as tingling, numbness, burning or stiffness, stop and rest for several hours before playing again. If you continue to have any of the above symptoms or other discomfort during or after play, stop playing and see a doctor. WARNING - Battery Leakage The Nintendo 3DS system contains a rechargeable lithium ion battery pack. Leakage of ingredients contained within the battery pack, or the combustion products of the ingredients, can cause personal injury as well as damage to your Nintendo 3DS system. If battery leakage occurs, avoid contact with skin. If contact occurs, immediately wash thoroughly with soap and water. If liquid leaking from a battery pack comes into contact with your eyes, immediately flush thoroughly with water and see a doctor. To avoid battery leakage: Do not expose battery to excessive physical shock, vibration, or liquids. Do not disassemble, attempt to repair or deform the battery. Do not dispose of battery pack in a fire. Do not touch the terminals of the battery, or cause a short between the terminals with a metal object. Do not peel or damage the battery label. WARNING - Radio Frequency Interference The Nintendo 3DS system can emit radio waves that can affect the operation of nearby electronics, including cardiac pacemakers. Do not operate the Nintendo 3DS system within 9 inches of a pacemaker while using the wireless feature. If you have a pacemaker or other implanted medical device, do not use the wireless feature of the Nintendo 3DS system without first consulting your doctor or the manufacturer of your medical device. Observe and follow all regulations and rules regarding use of wireless devices in locations such as hospitals, airports, and on board aircraft. Operation in those locations may interfere with or cause malfunctions of equipment, with resulting injuries to persons or damage to property.